<!-- title: Draft Blog -->

# Six Habits

### Practice silence for greater clarity

Selecting transcript lines in this section will navigate to timestamp in the video

- [Hal] The first S in SAVERS stands for silence, and if you think about it, most of us, we don't have a lot of time in silence, it's usually, it's kind of chaos from the time we get up, and then we're in the car, listening to podcasts, or the radio, you know, music, something like that. And then we're at work with people, and on phone calls, there's usually not a lot of time for kind of peaceful, purposeful silence, yet when we quiet our mind, that's when our best ideas come, right. When we tap into our inner wisdom, we tap into the wisdom of, do you want to get woo-oo for a second, right, the universe, or higher intelligence, whatever you want to call it, god. But meditation, the way it's been taught, people often, they're taught to clear your mind. And most people, they can't do that, right, or it's very challenging and it takes somebody like years to get to where they can actually do that. Well, for me, I want results. I will use my meditation as a way to set the mindset for the day. So I'll look at my schedule, and I'll go okay, what do I need to accomplish today. And, you know, depends on what's on the agenda, like I just finished writing a new book, and when I was working on that book, every day, every morning, you know I meditate before I'd write, and I would go man, I need ideas. I need some content for today. And so I would set my intention for the meditation, so my intention would often be, you know, okay, what am I working on, what chapter am I working on today, all right, I need ideas for this chapter. And I would just set that as an intention, and then I would meditate, and I would always have my notes app on my phone, in front of me with my timer going for, you know, 10 minutes usually is what I meditate for. And I don't think there was a single day where I wasn't flooded six ideas, where I would pause the meditation timer, I'd open up the note tab, and I'd would write an idea, then I would go back to meditate, and then I would just sit there and I wasn't trying to think. When you force thought, you don't usually get your best thought. It's in those moments, and that's why when we're in the shower, not even thinking about something, we have our best ideas. When we're falling asleep, not even thinking about something, we have our best ideas. Well, this is a way to engineer that space where you're tapping into your genius, every single morning, so that you bring those ideas and that clarity into your day. That's one way to meditate. Another way to do it is, sometimes I might have a speech for that day, and I'd go, I need to feel confident. I am speaking, and I will literally just affirm things while I am in my meditation, and I'll just affirm things like, what did I do today. I chose three statements, the point is, use meditation, not to remove thought, you can, and sometimes I'll meditate in that way, where I just try to get a state of being, really loving and peaceful. But ultimately, I typically will have a specific result that I want to generate internally, either mentally or emotionally, and I will set that intention going into meditation, and I will use the meditation actively to do that. So I will think something over and over and over and over, while I deeply feel it in a way that will serve me for the rest of the day.


